Ops handbook tools (#832)
publiccodenet/about: activities/recruitment/hiring-process.md

We publish all job postings on the [careers section on the homepage](https://publiccode.net/careers), and publicize them on our Twitter account (@publiccodenet).

> We also use the current team's network to spread awareness of the job opening (via email, LinkedIn, social media). We may use (specialized) job sites and recruiters including Fossjobs and Stackoverlow Jobs.

Reviewer: Removing hyperlinks makes this page less useful for users, and decreases this page's value to search engines.

```suggestion
We also use the current team's network to spread awareness of the job opening (via email, LinkedIn, social media). We may use (specialized) job sites and recruiters including [fossjobs.net open source jobs board](https://www.fossjobs.net/) and [StackOverflow Jobs](https://stackoverflow.com/jobs).
```
